feat!: use microgenerator (#76)
googleapis/python-videointelligence: UPGRADING.md

Some methods have additional keyword only parameters. The available parameters depend on the [`google.api.method_signature` annotation](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis/blob/master/google/cloud/videointelligence/v1/video_intelligence.proto#L51) specified by the API producer.

**After:**
```py
    def annotate_video(
        self,
        request: video_intelligence.AnnotateVideoRequest = None,
        *,
        input_uri: str = None,
        features: Sequence[video_intelligence.Feature] = None,
        retry: retries.Retry = gapic_v1.method.DEFAULT,
        timeout: float = None,
        metadata: Sequence[Tuple[str, str]] = (),
    ) -> operation.Operation:
```

> **NOTE:** The `request` parameter and flattened keyword parameters for the API are mutually exclusive.
> Passing both will result in an error.

Both of these calls are valid:

```py
response = client.annotate_video(
    request={
        "input_uri": input_uri,
        "features": features
    }
)
```

```py
response = client.annotate_video(
    input_uri=input_uri
    features=features
)
```

> This call is invalid because it mixes `request` with a keyword argument `audio_config`. Executing this code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This call is invalid because it mixes `request` with a keyword argument `features`. Executing this code
```
